1)  What are some new things happening in the web?
  55% of all households globally are forecasted to have voice assistant by the end of 2022. 
  The latest in web development is voice-activated self-standing devices and voice optimization for regular web sites and apps. 
  Strengthen with AI, 
  voice search optimization is beneficial for both end-users and owners


2)  Explain a project that you have built?
Till now I was the part of 3 projects in masai out of which the first project was to make the clone of website fresh menu project it was a 
team project we were suppose to make that clonwe with in 6 days and we completed that we have used CSS html, Javascriptetc.I made
 whole payment checkout page . the second website that we make was freshmenu clone wher we used the api to map the things in this 
 app i made the one special page which was showing the google map authentication of user address. also i have created the payment ,checkout and 
 thankyou page also.the tools to make this website was javascript,css and mongoDb etc.
 the next website that i have created individually  the clone of website gearbox there i have used css javascript and mongodb i have 
 added authentication of usersinformation also password is also incripted i made that project with the span of 5 days only.




3)  Whats something exciting that you have built?
    the  website that we make was freshmenu clone wher we used the api to map the things in this 
 app i made the one special page which was showing the google map authentication of user address. also i have created the payment ,checkout and 
 thankyou page also.the tools to make this website was javascript,css and mongoDb etc.
 the next website that i have created individually  the clone of website gearbox there i have used css javascript and mongodb i have 
 added authentication of usersinformation also password is also incripted i made that project with the span of 5 days only.

4)  What are you most excited about?
I have done the cource of full stack web developer in masai now i am really really excited to start my career in this field to see how things are actually 
done in this field to start my career. I have lots of hopes to see my bright future.





5)  Why do coding standards matter? What are some patterns you follow?







6)  How do you go about managing responsive websites?
   Make sure all your valuable content is easy to find,
   while designing any responsive website the first thing i will keep in mind is media@ queries,
   The backbone of responsive design is the ability to shift and format content depending on the size of the screen. In technical terms, this is known as “the media query.”

   This terminology evolved from the term “media type,” which is a style sheet that determines how a piece of content is 
   presented on different physical media, such as a screen, paper, or Braille device.

   Media queries work similarly. However, instead of detecting the type of physical media, a media query detects 
   the size of a screen. The website then decides to render a specific style sheet for that specific screen size.
   Create A Flexible Foundation
   Are you familiar with set-width and fluid grids? The biggest difference between the two is the way they calculate the widths of elements on websites.

   A set-width grid calculates the sizes of elements by pixels.
   A fluid grid calculates the sizes of elements by percentages.



7)  What do you care about the most when you write software?
    Write clean, transparent programs, reusable code meansGood code is easily read and understood by others.
    code should be easy to debug and it should be focused on content.

